Okay, Xiaobai, you can stay
Hahaha
Mr. Ye, there is Mr. Liu's words today
Your road will be much easier in the future
Students, don't worry.
Even if Mr. Liu is there
I will definitely keep my feet on the ground
Never steal chicken
It is comprehensive to serve the people
Mr. Liu really didn't see the wrong person
Master Liu
I hate those who bully people the most on weekdays
It's great that you have someone like that.
Don't forget to listen
Thank you for the reminder
Okay, it's getting late
Then we'll go back first.
I haven't been to the hospital to visit Jiangying for a long time
I'll give you a ride to the hospital
No problem. Okay.
Mr. Ye, I have something else to do
I won't go to see Grandpa Zhang with you this time.
Ok it's alright
You are the master